We'll get on to that again right now.
Good evening. Happy Friday, everybody. 8.25 p.m. 8.25 p.m. In the evening on Friday, December,
the 8th year, 2023, very busy day on my end. But for those who sent some prayers, thank
you so much. I think it's I'm just going to say thank you and we're at peace right now
and it's good. It's good. I shouldn't even say that. Now people are going to be intrigued.
But anyways, the name of tonight's episode is the Wuhan cover up by our weapons. RFK,
whoops, those type of there, the RFK Junior book highlights Cinebavari and of you, Sam
and his role with respect to Remdesivir. So I have a copy of the Wuhan cover up book that
you can see here on the screen. This is my Kindle viewer. I'm going to scoot off the
side here a little bit more on the screen. And there's many different subtopics to this
sub sections to this particular topic. A couple of things for the record. I am actually in
pretty much disagreement with the general premise that there can be biological weapons,
which can be unleashed and will simply ripple through the population endlessly without stopping.
Can you make a weapon using biological resources? Absolutely. Are there ways to get people to be
ill with various bacteria by food contamination or potentially by aerosolization? Absolutely.
Are there ways that people's health can be compromised by the use of all of the different
types of chemicals which are in our environment? And things to me, people may be exposed to like
in an airport or whatever, absolutely, and so on and so forth. However, the possibility of a
virus coming out of a laboratory intentionally or unintentionally or even out of a garage and
simply rippling through the entire world population and coding everyone in RNA is absolutely
ridiculous. And so without even getting into that part of the book, sorry, total disagreement
there. The second thing though is that we can get into all the negatives. But I will say
totally upfront that there have been some extremely positive things which have come out of guidance
related to overall health that have been advocated by some people within children's health events,
which has made a very positive impact myself and other people who matter a lot to me.
So I remain on the side of certainly they're not the only organization in the world which is
seeking to promote or these claims to promote beneficial health to get involved with various
state and federal policies, not at all, certainly not aware of all. However, they do just happen
to be the one which gave visibility to some people involved in the facts film that have given support
to amazing individuals such as Brian Hooker, which have led to us listening and doing more
research and making decisions which we are incredibly thankful for.
I'm not interested in this constant barrage of emails that I get that I must criticize
every aspect of this organization. Find me an organization out there that doesn't have corrupt
people. Sorry, it's everywhere. However, there is only one organization that at least had some
people in the right place at the right time that have had a very positive impact.
So that's that. I don't know what else to say. If you want to take it in another direction,
that's fine. But there's almost nothing that anyone can say that's going to make me
feel as though we've made a mistake because we just didn't. So I had just had to put those two
things up front. Now this book here always only be released this week. It was a long time in
development. The primary author is considered to be Robert of Kennedy Jr. And there was a multiple
of additional contributing authors and book reviewers. Some I believe I know are at Children's
Health Defense. Some are volunteers. Some may not be. I haven't evaluated the whole book front to
back. However, when new books come out, such as this, one of the first things that I tend to do
is I go to the search and I there's like 50 or 100 words that I search for and I'm just curious
if the books mentioned these particular words or these particular names. And oftentimes they don't
or it's minimal at best. And then usually my enthusiasm for reading the book or these urgency
tends to go down. Not that they there isn't good stuff in here. It just means that it's going to be
harder to dig out. And to my surprise, if you go to this book here, and if you type in this
beautiful word b-a-v-a-r-i, boom, you will get three hits. So there's a translation of printed book
page two, Kindle page, which of course differs based upon how you how large the letters are and
so on. So I don't know how to do that translation, but as I have it opened here on page 282 of 986,
just beforehand, it starts off with talking about Ralph Perrick and I'll start here. And I'm just
excited to read about the scene above our part. This is not going to be a long video,
and I'm just going to add a few comments at the end. That'll be it. I'm not looking at the the
chat this evening. So in fact, Ralph Perrick and Ralph Perrick, University of North Carolina,
longtime professor, researcher, scientist, we lovingly call him King clone here because he's a he's a
big guy. And what he does, he clones things. That's what he does. He knows how to get
fine replication competent molecules. However, you wanted to find them. He knows how to get things
cloned. One of the better people out there at that. In fact, Ralph Perrick has trained
his Wuhan lab counterparts in the secrets of genetically engineering pandemic coronaviruses.
So as you can see right there, there is no there is no pandemic coronaviruses. I'm sorry.
Sorry though. He taught them how to clone large quantities of stable synthetic viruses from small
snippets of genetic information, how to employ his secret techniques for engineering infectious
clones, by transferring spike proteins, genetically engineered to enhance viral infectivity in human
cells from one back coronavirus to another, and how to do the quote, seamless ligation,
unquote, that conceals the evidence of human tampering.
Quote conspiracy theorists on quote or even mere cynics might suspect that shrewd
self interest motivated barracks full hardy fool hardy gifts to the Chinese before
teaching Wuhan lab scientists how to weaponize the spiked protein. Now it's the spiked protein.
I thought it was a spike protein. It's the spiked protein.
Weaponized the spiked protein. You know someone out there eventually has to make like an energy
shake or like the spiked protein. I mean, it's just a it's a market opportunity waiting to happen.
The spike protein to supercharge the pandemic pathogens. Again, don't believe in path path
pandemic pathogens nonsense. In 2015, Barric filled a patent on the engineered spike protein that he
had developed, giving him potential ownership and royalty claims on the vaccines and therapeutics
that might be sold in any pandemic arising from his engineered viruses. Narrators know.
Does anyone actually think that the entire world was turned upside down and as we're supposed to
believe 17 million people were killed? Because one scientist wanted to make a few hundred thousand
dollars or a few million dollars. Does anybody actually believe that garbage?
Get to you? Do you believe 9-11 was because one Jewish guy in New York City wanted to make a
billion dollars in insurance money? Do you really think coronavirus because Ralph Barric wanted to
make some stock, make some money on stock investments? This is the lamest, weakest, hilarious,
narrative option out there. I can't believe people still believe this crap.
I'm sorry. If you want to believe that money had something to do with this, consider this.
Pharma companies probably saved anywhere between five to a hundred trillion dollars
by not having to enroll the world population into trials to make gene therapy live. They won't have
to pay out for the people who were duped into taking medicine that injured them. They won't have
to pay out the debts because they managed to recategorize gene therapy as vaccination.
They saved trillions and trillions and trillions of dollars. They killed people because of it.
If you think money is because is why this all happened, look at that and you know what,
that doesn't involve Ralph Barric, really. Anyways, continuing on. The National Institutes
of Health also owned patent March in Rights. That's a weird sentence. Also owned patent
March in Rights in the Moderna vaccine by virtue of their NIAID grants that funded the mRNA platform
in 2021, the National Institutes of Health as the United States
took the unprecedented step of demanding that Moderna give co-ownership rights
to the United States government. Ralph Barric also further hedged his bets against the eventuality
of such a coronavirus pandemic via patent claims to the only emergency use authorization approved
antiviral remdesivir. Oh, oh, oh, oh, so it's not because of the anti-viral that
it's antiviral investment money. That's the whole pandemic is Ralph Barric.
Man, I just can't believe people believe this stuff.
You might as well just say it was because of Britney Spears. I mean, it's just this is tabloid level
garbage. I'm sorry. That is such a ridiculous statement. Ralph Barric, oh, yeah, Ralph Barric
also further hedged his bets against the eventuality of such a coronavirus pandemic via patent claims
to the only emergency use authorization approved antiviral remdesivir. The National Institutes of
Health should also have margin rights to patent royalties to remdesivir by virtue of funding
the research for its development and then granting emergency use authorization for its use.
However, a government accounting office report concluded that, quote, giliad collaborations
was government scientists with respect to remdesivir.
A shift pager generated no intellectual property rights for federally funded
researchers or government agencies. Ralph Barric and his university and his university,
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill, developed remdesivir. No, they didn't. Well,
they developed it. Did they invent it? It was actually invented by someone down in Alabama,
I believe, University of Alabama, which is meant to be a broad spectrum antiviral, although
although a partnership with National Institutes of Health and Giliads,
excuse me, through a partnership with National Institutes of Health and Giliad Sciences.
Those clinical trials took place in the United States, China, France, Italy, and the United
Kingdom as part of that deal. China got to copy the remdesivir formula for a Chinese pharmaceutical
company called Bright gene. Remdesivir reportedly showed promise in preventing the replication
of Ebola in lab tests, but it had the disadvantage of increasing rather than decreasing the human
death rate. In 2019, the safety board pulled it from an African study as two toxic, even the
treat Ebola, which typically kills 50% of those infected. 53% of the people who got remdesivir died.
In April of 2019, a former postdoc of barracks, Ralph Barracks, named Alison Tatura,
and the head of U.Sammerd, should have been, excuse me, should have been the scientific director of
U.Sammerd, Cina Bavari, co-wrote a paper suggesting that the next pandemic would be a coronavirus
and that remdesivir would likely be useful. Despite the fact that physicians and scientists
had deemed it to poisonous for treating Ebola and Barak and Denison had previously published data.
That showed remdesivir would be of no benefit late in SARS infection.
And it goes on to give a couple of quotes here. This next quote here is
is a really interesting quote here. And so before I go back to the Cina Bavari part,
it has been said, actually already in this document, and has been said elsewhere that Ralph Barrack
is the lead or one of the main people pushing remdesivir for SARS-CoV-2.
Now, what's noteworthy is what do you mean to push remdesivir under which circumstances?
Now, remdesivir has been shown in a dish anyways to cause some interruption in cells, uptake,
and processing of viruses or extracellular vesicles or whatever you want to call them,
exosomes, et cetera. It does something. All right, it does have an impact. It has been speculated
and hypothesized that one of the values of remdesivir could be if it was used by, let's say,
a war warfighter soldier who is expecting to be or has been exposed to a synthetic biological
agent, something which may cause a transfection of bad proteins or some other rippel on effect
in their body. And by a heavy dose of remdesivir, shortly afterwards,
may dramatically help, although it's toxic, maybe better than whatever the agent would have done
without it. There's a wartime fighter value to remdesivir, potentially. The way remdesivir
has been suggested to have been used with coronavirus is a late-stage therapeutic,
after which time, if there was any virus, exosome, whatever, the frick you want to call it in the body,
that cells were going to process. It's already gone. There is no, even if you believe in the narrative,
there is no SARS-CoV-2 left. It's gone. All you have right now is whatever it caused the body to make.
Why would you need remdesivir? If anything, you need a glass of clean water and some rest.
You don't need remdesivir at that point. Remdesivir is only going to make things worse.
And it was suggested to send people home from hospitals who were sick, wait until they get
their sicker, come on back in, then give them remdesivir, if they test positive for antibodies
from a PCR test. And then they people just get sicker from there. It was never meant to be a
late-stage therapeutics, the wrong application for it. And in barracks-owned papers, it was
said clear as day. And even Jengli Xi, the Chinese bat lady, was on these papers. It was said,
it was no observed benefit in late-stage use of GS5734, the pre-branded name of remdesivir
from Gilead, no noticeable benefit in late-stage use at all. They knew there was no
benefit. Beric never wrote a paper, at least, not until the pandemic, anyways. That's said,
hey, I have a great idea. Let's use remdesivir as a late-stage therapeutic. It never happened.
That's a myth. It's a myth. It never happened. Anyways, so this quote that's included here
pretty much picks up on that. Now, who has seen a Bavari? Oh boy, that's a long one here.
Let's just go to the website here. Let me just pick up on this. And again, I think we'll be done
in 25 minutes, I think. Oops. Okay, go to use.com. If you go to B-A-V-A-R-I,
this is Cinebavari. Cinebavari is born in 1959. He's only a few months
younger or older than Robert Malone. In fact, Robert Malone has collaborated
a fair amount with Dr. Cinebavari. Bavari was the director. It's a scientific director,
not the overall director, but the scientific director, which in some ways really is the
director role of you, Sammered, the United States Army, medical. In the United States,
Army, medical, infectious. I always get this one messed up. Research in student infectious
diseases. So it's their bio warfare, biodefense branch, research the advantage of the US Army.
And Cinebavari has been at use Sammered for over 25 years. It just so happens that after being the
direct scientific director of use Sammered from like 2008 or 2009, he, starting in 2008 or
2009, he quit, stepped down and left use Sammered in September or August of 2019.
Pandemic time, interesting. Now, Bavari's work goes all the way back to anthrax.
I do suspect that he was actually one level up a boss of Bruce Ivan's at one point,
noteworthy. Cinebavari has worked rather extensively with Gary Naval, who was the first director
of Anthony Fauci's vaccine research center and is now a co-founder of MODEX Therapeutics and
NEDIC Massachusetts that's making tri-specific antibodies. And they will be of course made in
people's own bodies using mRNA or DNA technology. He has collaborated with my Cal Corporation.
Cinebavari has he has 350 or 350 to 400 published papers.
Note worthy though, in the context of the RFK junior book that Cinebavari's very last paper
at use Sammered, the last paper he had published, okay, is this. Rod Spectrum,
coronavirus antiviral drug discovery. And it was written in August, 2018, accepted February 7,
2019 and then published expert opinion on drug discovery. And in this research paper,
it is laid out very clearly that they speculate that GS5734 Remdesivir,
which became Remdesivir, which has never really worked for anything.
Of all the compounds which have ever existed of all the molecules you've ever been studied
for medicine, they suggest will most likely be the thing to work the best as a therapy.
For a coronavirus pandemic, should one occur starting somewhere in China after a coronavirus
jumped off of a bat in a wet market. It is the most specific projection of coronavirus
in the world. This is more specific than Event 201. It's more specific than anything else I have
read anywhere about SARS-CoV-2. And not only that, it even predicts Remdesivir will work as a
therapy. It was never designed as a therapy. It was designed as an antiviral. An antiviral is not a
therapy. A bullet-proof vest is not a therapy if you've been hit with a bullet. It's an
anti-bullet mechanism. If a bullet has gone into your body, you treat it differently.
You don't take a bullet-proof vest and then shove it into the hole, the bullet.
It's so stupid. I can't believe people don't understand this crap. Anyways, there was some
work that was done in a dish with MERS, and that gave them some metadata that
potentially Remdesivir will work.
Cinevari was also on the short list of people that was involved in giving
compassionate use to America's technically patient zero of SARS-CoV-2 COVID-19, who was the
Snowhomish County man who flew back from Wuhan January 15, 2020 and checked into the hospital
in January 18, 2020, up in the Everett, Washington, which is just north of Seattle,
Washington State, area of the United States. And it just so happened that that person whose
name was never released and photo has never been released and addresses never been released
had the absolute perfect textbook recovery to Remdesivir.
Hmm. Also noteworthy that that is one of the two, actually one of the three bases,
the three pillars of information which are used to have made Remdesivir the standard of care.
The other one is Ralph is Cinevari's friend, Robert Malone, who ran the domain program
at the United States Defense Threat Reduction Agency, or for the United States Defense
Threat Reduction Agency, while he was also consulting for BARDA and Rick Bright.
Isn't that interesting? Particularly interesting because Cinevari got into a whole boatload,
a whole lot of trouble by concealing all use-samred connections with the Defense Threat
Protection Agency going back to 2014, 15, 16, and 17. He was almost fired several times because
he wanted to control and it would not disclose what those associations were.
And of course the third thing is the fact that there was some metadata that potentially some
primates with mirrors showed some positive response to Remdesivir.
And crazy enough those tests were run by a mutual friend of both Cinevari and Robert Malone,
and that's Heinz Feldman. Isn't that remarkable? All three bases, the three bases of which
all of the approval of Remdesivir is based, effectively, Robert Malone and Robert Malone's
professional network. Wow. Now going back to the statements that I made earlier about there
being no pandemics. There may be no pandemics, but there really was over 1 million excess deaths.
So how can that be? Well maybe if medicine wasn't approved, which should never have been
approved in the first place. There would be less deaths maybe if there were no changes in
hospital protocols. Maybe if people were allowed to use existing medicines as flawed as they are,
there wouldn't have been no excess deaths. And maybe if we didn't call
flu deaths, COVID deaths, which in and of itself does not cause excess mortality,
but you know what? Those missing flu deaths as far as the overall total goes are backfilled,
with a massive surge in opioid related deaths within the United States of America.
In other words, the approval of Remdesivir is one of the key parts of creating a narrative
of a deadly spreading gain of function virus through which the only potential response
can be emergency use authorization of a new era of vaccine technology.
That being gene therapy and wrapping it back up to this cockamani idea that this is all because
Ralph Berwick wanted to make some money. If you think money's behind it, think of the trillions
and trillions of dollars, which were saved by not having to roll out gene therapy in an ethical
above-boardway, compensating people for the injuries and deaths that it's causing. If you
think money's behind it, you should be talking about this document all day long. And if you're not,
you are a traitor to the United States of America. That's all I'm going to say everyone. I hope you
have a wonderful weekend. This is great progress. I'm glad to see this out there. I'm very appreciative
of it. I have differences of opinion, beliefs and many of this book, but whatever. You know what?
I'm gracious for what I'm gracious and thankful for what we're getting. And I suggest you to be
the same. I love you guys. Take care.
you